Listicle content & feature updates + SEO/LLM optimization (#15737)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-alternatives.mdx

### How does LogRocket compare to PostHog?

<p>
<ProductComparisonTable
    competitors={['logrocket', 'posthog']}
    rows={[
        'product_analytics',
        'product_analytics.features.autocapture',
        'product_analytics.group_analytics',
        'web_analytics',
        'session_replay',
        'feature_flags',
        'experiments',
        'error_tracking',
        'logs',
        'workflows',
        'surveys',
        'platform.tools.ai_assistant',
        'platform.pricing.transparent_pricing',
        'platform.deployment.open_source',
        'platform.deployment.eu_hosting',
    ]}
/>
</p>

### Key differences
 
1. **Session replay focus:** LogRocket's replay tooling includes Redux/state management capture and Galileo AI proactive issue detection – features aimed squarely at front-end engineers. PostHog's replay is broader, connecting sessions directly to feature flags, experiments, and funnel analysis.
 
2. **Product analytics:** PostHog's product analytics are significantly deeper – cohorts, retention, paths, SQL access, and group analytics. LogRocket's analytics are basic and supplementary to its replay core.
 
3. **Pricing:** 

> - LogRocket's free tier covers 1,000 sessions/month with 1 month of data retention. Paid plans start at $139/month for 25k sessions on a monthly commitment (annual plans are cheaper). Session replay is the core product – analytics, heatmaps, and error tracking are included, but you're primarily paying for session volume. 

Reviewer: <img width="666" height="976" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/509f3f87-3ce1-495d-8bf8-0361f605d39f" />

```suggestion
- LogRocket's free tier covers 1,000 sessions/month with 1 month of data retention. Paid plans start at $99/month for 10k sessions on a monthly commitment (annual plans are cheaper). Session replay is the core product – analytics, heatmaps, and error tracking are included, but you're primarily paying for session volume. 
```
